Adjust language, grammar, and small mistakes (#19)
NETWAYS/foreman-training: advanced/01_web.md

!SLIDE smbullets small
# Trends

* Graphs changes in your environment

> * Configured in the WebGUI and collected by a background task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configured in the Web GUI and collected by a background task
```
Is WebUI not the more popular term? or is that just in my world.
EDIT: A search shows some are using the term "WebGUI tools" to refer to the components used to build a web UI. Anyway, just a minor style issue.

Author: I wasn't really sure myself it that would be a good change.

I'd also prefer 'web UI' but didn't want to touch this since it's not technically wrong.

Reviewer: Hi, you might find this useful: https://stylepedia.net/style/  (shows web UI as preferred)

<br/>
Foreman can provide graphs about changes in your environment. Those are configured and displayed in the WebGUI in
"Monitor > Trends" and collected by the background task "Trend Counter Job". By default this tasks runs every 30 minutes matching
Puppet's default run interval because most trends will be based on the facts collected by the configuration management

> solution, another source are Foreman's internal parameters like the operatingsystem of the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution, another source are Foreman's internal parameters like the operating system of the host.
```
If its one work because its a directive then you should use markup.
